<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [SWC_TYPES][1]
-   [SwcParser][2]
    -   [parse][3]
        -   [Parameters][4]
    -   [getRawMorphology][5]
    -   [getMorphology][6]
-   [TreeNode][7]
    -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [getId][9]
    -   [getType][10]
    -   [isSoma][11]
    -   [getRadius][12]
    -   [getPosition][13]
    -   [setParent][14]
        -   [Parameters][15]
    -   [getParent][16]
    -   [getChildren][17]
    -   [getNonSomaChildren][18]
    -   [doesAlreadyHaveChild][19]
        -   [Parameters][20]
    -   [dive][21]
        -   [Parameters][22]
-   [TreeNodeCollection][23]
    -   [Parameters][24]
    -   [getRawMorphology][25]
    -   [getMorphology][26]

## SWC_TYPES

Defines the SWC standard types as in [http://www.neuronland.org/NLMorphologyConverter/MorphologyFormats/SWC/Spec.html][27]

## SwcParser

An instance of SwcParser is made to parse SWC files with
[the given specification][27].
The data output by this parser is a Javascript object representing a the tree
structure of the morphology. Each node of the tree is a section that contain a reference
to its parent section and references to its children sections. The tree is given flat, meaning all the sections are at the same hierarchy level within the JS object and every section is identified by an arbitrary ID.

### parse

Parses a SWC string. This SWC string is simply the text content of an SWC file.
This method does not return any reult (use one of the getters for that)

#### Parameters

-   `swcStr` **[String][28]** the string that comes from the SWC file

### getRawMorphology

Get the raw morphology flat tree

Returns **[Object][29]** the soma and all the sections at the same level.
Still, all the info about parent/children are present

### getMorphology

Get the morphology object, which is much easier to query than the raw morphology

Returns **morphologycorejs.Morphology** 

## TreeNode

A TreeNode instance represent a point from the SWC file. It has a 3D coordinate,
an ID, a type, a radius, a reference to a parent (which is also a TreeNode
instance) and a list of children (also TreeNode instances).

**Ressources**

-   [SWC Spec][27]

### Parameters

-   `id` **[Number][30]** the id of the point
-   `type` **[Number][30]** type of structure this point comes from (cf. SWC spec)
-   `x` **[Number][30]** x component of the 3D coordinates
-   `y` **[Number][30]** y component of the 3D coordinates
-   `z` **[Number][30]** z component of the 3D coordinates
-   `r` **[Number][30]** radius at this given point

### getId

Get the ID of _this_ node

Returns **[Number][30]** 

### getType

Get the type as a number (according to the SWC spec)

Returns **[Number][30]** 

### isSoma

Returns **[Boolean][31]** true if this node is a soma, false if not

### getRadius

Get teh radius of _this_ node

Returns **[Number][30]** 

### getPosition

Get the 3D coordinates of this node

### setParent

Define the parent of _this_ node

#### Parameters

-   `pNode`  
-   `parent` **[TreeNode][32]** the parent node

### getParent

Get the parent node of _this_ one

Returns **[TreeNode][32]** 

### getChildren

Get all the chidren

Returns **[Array][33]** array of TreeNode instances

### getNonSomaChildren

Get all the children that are not soma points.

Returns **[Array][33]** array of TreeNode instances

### doesAlreadyHaveChild

Check is _this_ node already has the given child amond its list of children

#### Parameters

-   `cNode` **[TreeNode][32]** some node to test, most likely a potential child

Returns **[Boolean][31]** true if this child is already present, false if not

### dive

Dive into the TreeNode connection by following the children. Builds a list
all along. Stops when a node has no more children (end of branch) or when a
node has two children or more because it means it's a forking point.
What is returned in the end is an array that can be empty (if end of branch)
or with two or more TreeNode instance being the forking direction

#### Parameters

-   `nodeList` **[Array][33]** contains the previous TreeNode (parent, grand parents, etc.)
    this array is only pushed to, nothing is taken or read from it.

Returns **[Array][33]** of TreeNodes that are forking direction.

## TreeNodeCollection

A TreeNodeCollection instance builds all the TreeNode instances from the raw
points list from the SWC file. As a second step, it builds the parent/children
relations between the nodes and as a third step, define a list of sections.

### Parameters

-   `points` **[Array][33]** every points of the array is itself an Array of form:
    [
        pointId: Number,
        pointType: Number,
        x: Number,
        y: Number,
        z: Number,
        radius: Number,
        parentId: Number
      ]

### getRawMorphology

Get the raw morphology flat tree

Returns **[Object][29]** the soma and all the sections at the same level.
Still, all the info about parent/children are present

### getMorphology

Get the morphology object, which is much easier to query than the raw morphology

Returns **morphologycorejs.Morphology** 

[1]: #swc_types

[2]: #swcparser

[3]: #parse

[4]: #parameters

[5]: #getrawmorphology

[6]: #getmorphology

[7]: #treenode

[8]: #parameters-1

[9]: #getid

[10]: #gettype

[11]: #issoma

[12]: #getradius

[13]: #getposition

[14]: #setparent

[15]: #parameters-2

[16]: #getparent

[17]: #getchildren

[18]: #getnonsomachildren

[19]: #doesalreadyhavechild

[20]: #parameters-3

[21]: #dive

[22]: #parameters-4

[23]: #treenodecollection

[24]: #parameters-5

[25]: #getrawmorphology-1

[26]: #getmorphology-1

[27]: http://www.neuronland.org/NLMorphologyConverter/MorphologyFormats/SWC/Spec.html

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[32]: #treenode

[33]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
